Question,Answer
"How can I collect my Student Identity Card?","Please send your enquiry to Academic Registry at ar.reg@polyu.edu.hk for their further reply. You may contact them at (852) 2333 0600 for follow up action."
"I still haven't received my Entry Visa. How can I know my application status?","Please send your enquiry to Entry Visa Applications of Academic Registry at ar.entryvisa@polyu.edu.hk for their further reply. You may contact them at (852) 2333 0600 for follow up action."
"I have some enquiries on academic programme. Who should I ask?","Please send your enquiry to Academic Registry at ar.dept@polyu.edu.hk for their further reply. You may contact them at (852) 2333 0600 for follow up action."
"Polyu academic calendar","The links for academic calendar of semester one 25/26, semester two 25/26 and summer term 26 respectively are as follows: https://www.polyu.edu.hk/nlss/resources-and-contacts/faq/?sc_lang=en#collapse-8. https://www.polyu.edu.hk/nlss/resources-and-contacts/faq/?sc_lang=en#collapse-9. https://www.polyu.edu.hk/nlss/resources-and-contacts/faq/?sc_lang=en#collapse-10"
"What is Octopus Card","Octopus is a contactless payment tool which is easy to use and accepted all over Hong Kong. You can use it for public transport, shopping and more. Eligible full-time day-course students studying in a recognised institution in Hong Kong can enjoy concessionary fares for most public transports."
"Some courses offer more than one class (for example 3 classes). Is it possible for me to enrol in different classes of the same course for each of my three choices?","No. A student may enrol in up to two classes of a course that offers more than one class."
"I want to apply for a Level II course. What are the entry requirements?","To be eligible to apply for a Level II course, you should have already completed Level I of that course and obtained a certificate either from Student Affairs Office or other institutions."
"I have enrolled in two courses with conflicting schedules. What should I do?","You are advised to drop one of them, as zero attendance will seriously affect your enrolment in other EXCELL courses in the future. Please write to excell.prog@polyu.edu.hk to apply for withdrawal before the course starts. There will be NO refund in this situation."
"I have paid the enrolment fees. However, I cannot find my name in the roll call list when I attend the first lesson. What should I do?","Please write down your name, student no. and contact phone no. on the sheet provided by the instructor or contact the Student Affairs Office the next day. We will contact you before the second session."
"I have already attended a few sessions, but will not be able to finish the entire course due to a change in my personal schedule. Do I need to apply for course withdrawal?","It is not required for you to apply for course withdrawal but you should inform your instructor and let him/her know the reason. It is important to value the learning opportunity and try to attend as many sessions as possible. Please also note that students who fail to achieve the required attendance rate, and without an acceptable reason, may be suspended from joining other EXCELL courses for a certain period."
"What is the required graduation credit for COMP students?","The required minimum credit is 120 credits."
"Where can I see my course materials?","You can access your course materials on Blackboard, a Polyu website, or you can download the app version of Blackboard, your registered classes will appear under 'courses'."
"What is the add/drop period?","The add/drop period is the first two weeks of every semester, you are allowed to drop and register for classes in that period."
"How do I register for classes?","You can register for classes through polyu estudent -> my subject registration -> subject registration"
"Will PolyU consider applicants who fall short slightly from the entrance requirements of degree schemes / programmes?","Applicants who fall short slightly on the general entrance requirements of our schemes / programmes may be specially considered for admission. Details will be announced in due course."
"If applicants have not taken the preferred subject(s) listed in the entrance requirement of a specific scheme / programme, would they be considered?","Yes, there is no mandatory subject requirement for individual schemes / programmes. Only preferred subjects, which carry the highest weighting in the calculation of admission scores, are listed. For admittees who have not studied the preferred subjects, they may need to take additional relevant underpinning subjects after admission so as to get the necessary foundation knowledge."
"For students who have not taken Chinese Language in their secondary education, will they be considered for admission to PolyU?","Since Chinese Language is a core subject in HKDSE, all S6 students sitting for HKDSE are expected to either take the examination of Chinese Language or, where appropriate, the alternative Chinese Language. PolyU recognises applicants’ alternative Chinese qualifications i.e. applicants endorsed by schools for meeting EDB’s specified circumstances and having achieved the required grade in Chinese in one of the examinations listed in the table below. These applicants will be regarded as obtaining a Level 3 or above in HKDSE Chinese for meeting our entrance requirements, and for calculation of the related admission scores according to the conversion scale listed in the table below. These cases will also be highlighted to departments concerned for their attention and suitable consideration."
"If students cannot get a Level 3 for their HKDSE Chinese Language, could their results in other language subjects be used to replace the Chinese requirement?","No, they cannot."
"Can IELTS / TOEFL results be used to meet the English Language requirement?","No, they cannot. All applicants seeking admission on the basis of HKDSE results are expected to meet the HKDSE English Language requirement."
"Can Applied Learning (ApL) subjects be used to meet the entrance requirement?","Individual schemes / programmes will accept relevant Applied Learning (ApL) subjects as meeting the entrance requirements. An attainment at Attained with Distinction (I) or above / Attained with Distinction (obtained in 2017 or before) in one relevant ApL subject can be used for meeting the elective subject requirements."
"How would the Extended Modules of Mathematics be considered in meeting the entrance requirement?","The Extended Modules of Mathematics will be treated as a single subject in meeting the entrance requirement."
"Can "Liberal Studies" be used to meet the entrance requirement?","For HKDSE repeaters who took “Liberal Studies” in 2023/24 or before and have not taken “Citizenship and Social Development” in 2024/25 and thereafter, “Level 2” or above in “Liberal Studies” would be regarded as “Attained” in “Citizenship and Social Development” for fulfilling the general entrance requirement. However, “Liberal Studies” would not be recognized for meeting the elective requirement of the general entrance requirement in 2024/25 and thereafter."
"When is the application period?","Here is the link to the current time table: https://www.polyu.edu.hk/study/ug/admissions/non-jupas-year-1"
"How do I get information on schemes / programmes and admission?","Please click the individual scheme / programme entry here to check the scheme / programme information, application deadlines and other details.https://www.polyu.edu.hk/study/ug/admissions/non-jupas-year-1"
"Can I apply through JUPAS as well as to PolyU direct?","If you have obtained HKDSE results as well as other qualifications, either of which alone is sufficient to qualify you for consideration for admission to our schemes / programmes, you can apply either through JUPAS on the basis of HKDSE results or directly to PolyU on the basis of other qualifications. However, you can only choose to apply through one of these two routes for schemes / programmes offered under JUPAS in the same academic year. If you apply through JUPAS and to PolyU concurrently, your direct application to PolyU will NOT be considered. Please however observe UGC's guidelines on inter-institutional transfer of students irrespective of the routes you choose. If you have obtained HKDSE results only, you should apply through JUPAS. Please refer to the JUPAS website for details."
"Can I be considered as a mature applicant?","Those who have reached the age of 25 before 1 September in the year in which they seek admission are categorised as mature applicants automatically for consideration of Department. Mature applicants without the stipulated entrance qualifications may only be admitted on an individual and exceptional basis, and they must demonstrate sufficient motivation, knowledge and potential to indicate a high probability of being able to complete the scheme / programme successfully. It is not necessary for applicants to apply as a Mature Applicant. We will automatically take this into consideration."
"Who should apply for senior year admission?","Associate Degree / Higher Diploma final year students or graduates should apply for Senior Year admission to our full-time degree schemes / programmes. They should select the schemes / programmes specified for senior year admission via our eAdmission. If you would also like to be considered for admission to the first year of the 4-year degree schemes / programmes in case your senior year applications are not successful, please indicate such intention in your application."
"What are Top-up degree programmes?","Top-up degree programmes are designed for Associate Degree / Higher Diploma holders. The normal duration of top-up degree programmes is usually 2 years. You may read the details here. Associate Degree / Higher Diploma final-year students or graduates looking for articulation opportunities could also apply for admission to these programmes."
"Which scheme / programme considers first-choice-applicants only?","All programme choices are considered with equal priority. No scheme / programme considers first choice applicants only."
"Can I apply for re-admission if I have withdrawn from a programme of study at PolyU in the previous academic year?","Students who have been required to withdraw on grounds of academic failure or have been de-registered, and those who have discontinued their studies without completing the proper procedures for official withdrawal, shall not be considered for re-admission to the same scheme/programme/stream in the following academic year. If you apply to the same programme, you shall be disqualified and your application will not be further processed. Fees paid will not be refunded. You are however still eligible to apply for admission to other programmes."
"When will the offer of a scheme / programme marked with "subject to approval" be confirmed?","You can assume that the offer is confirmed unless you are separately notified of its non-approval."
"What if the scheme / programme I have applied for is cancelled?","In that case, both the tuition fee and application fee (if you have only one scheme / programme choice) paid will be refunded to you."
"Where can I find the scheme / programme interview information?","Here is the link to detailed information: https://www.polyu.edu.hk/study/ug/admissions/non-jupas-year-1/non-jupas-year-1-interview-arrangement"
"What is Secondary Major?","A Secondary Major features an expanded area of studies in addition to an existing major, i.e. the Block X, forming an additional award option of 'A Major plus a Secondary Major', i.e. "X + Scheme". Two Secondary Majors available for students to choose are "Artificial Intelligence and Data Analytics (AIDA)" and "Innovation and Entrepreneurship (IE)". More information in this link: https://www.polyu.edu.hk/study/ug/admissions/non-jupas-year-1/non-jupas-year-1-added-features-ug-programmes"
"I will be attending the Congregation ceremony in person on the PolyU campus. Are there any important points that I should note regarding my guests' admission to the Congregation venue?","Graduates and guests with e-tickets can use the embedded QR codes to access the campus and enter the event venue (i.e., Jockey Club Auditorium) directly. Each e-ticket is valid for admission of one registered person only.  Please note that according to the venue regulations, children under 6 years old will not be admitted to the Congregation venue."
"Can I take photographs during the physical ceremony?","The University has arranged for professional photographers to take photos of graduates during the physical ceremony. To ensure that the ceremony proceeds smoothly, we sincerely request our audience to cooperate and refrain from leaving their seats to take photographs during the ceremony. All graduation photos taken on the Congregation day will be given to graduates for free after the ceremony.  Graduates can download their graduation photos starting from around late December 2025/ early January 2026.  "
"I am unable to attend the Congregation. Can I choose not to attend? Will it affect my graduation status?","Your attendance at the Congregation ceremony does not affect your graduation status.  It is not mandatory to attend the Congregation, and you may choose not to attend if you prefer."
"I have registered my attendance online but I need to make a change. How can I inform the University?","During the registration period, you can amend your registration details online.  If you need to make changes after the registration period has ended, please send your request via email to us as listed in the "Enquiries" 'section."
"Will graduates who attend the physical Congregation be seated with their guests side by side in the Congregation venue?","No, graduates and their guests will be seated in different zones at the event venue (i.e., Jockey Club Auditorium)."
"Where can I obtain the QR codes for my guests to enter campus for photo-taking?","Please visit https://www.polyu.edu.hk/congregationaccess/ for registration."
"I have a family member who does not have his/her own mobile phone and/or email address (e.g. a young kid). Can I register for him/her on his/her behalf?","Yes, you can register on behalf of your family member in this case, using your own mobile phone number and email address."
"How many guests can I register for campus access and photo-taking?","There is no limit on the number of guests you can register for campus access and photo-taking."
"If I cannot attend the Congregation, can I hire the gown for photo-taking purposes only?","Yes, you can book your gown online through the vendor’s website as listed below: https://enkist.com/gown/registration/polyu"
"Can I buy my own academic gown?","Yes, you can purchase an academic gown from the vendor.  Alternatively, you may choose to have your own gown tailor-made to match the appropriate award’s colour and style by a tailor of your choice."
"How can I determine the correct type of academic gown for my award?","You can retrieve the ‘Gown Information Sheet’ from the ‘Congregation’ tab on the PolyU eStudent website (http://www.polyu.edu.hk/student) to view details about the gown, hood, and cap (if applicable) for your specific award.  The information sheet will also include a photo image for reference. For PhD graduates who were admitted in or before the academic year 2017/18, please access the following link: https://www40.polyu.edu.hk/rogradupd/."
"How will my portrait be shown at the ceremony if I choose to attend virtually?","For graduates attending the Congregation virtually, it is required to upload a portrait because their portraits, with an added academic gown, will be presented during the ceremony."
"I’ve forgotten my NetPassword. What should I do?","Please visit the PUsecure Identity Portal (https://idportal.polyu.edu.hk/menu-help.jsp) and use the “Forgot NetPassword” function to reset your NetPassword."
"What are the requirements for my portrait?","Your portrait should show your full frontal face with clear facial features against a plain background and with sufficient headroom.  Please click here for details of the photo requirements and samples of portraits. "
"I would like to know how the various GPAs and Credits Attained are derived. Are there any guidelines on assignment of Award Classifications? Where can I retrieve the information?","Students are advised to refer to the Programme Requirement Documents for the graduation requirements and award classification guidelines for their programmes. Information on subject grading and the related grade points, calculation of various GPAs and credits attained and the University guidelines on award classifications can be retrieved here: https://www.polyu.edu.hk/ar/docdrive/_sso_for_student_and_staff/assessment/AssessmentResults.pdf"
"Do I need to apply for graduation? If so, what should I do and what should I pay attention to?","According to regulations, students are required to graduate as soon as they satisfy the requirements for their awards. For students enrolling in Postgraduate programmes (including Master and Doctorate programmes): Students are NOT required to apply for graduation.  The Board of Examiners will consider and assign the award classifications for students once they have fulfilled the programme graduation requirements. For students enrolling on Master programmes with exit/nested awards (i.e. Master programmes with option for students to graduate in Postgraduate Diploma/Certificate (PgD/PgC) award): Students are required to inform their Programme Offering Departments, via Form AR84c or other means as specified by Departments, should they wish to graduate with a PgD/PgC award according to the schedule as specified by the relevant programme, if any.  If there is no specified deadline, the request should be submitted by the end of the last teaching week of the semester concerned in order to tie in with the schedule on processing of examination results. For students enrolling in Bachelor’s Degree programmes, including Articulation and Senior Year programmes: Students are required to apply for graduation in the semester which they are expected to graduate.  The Academic Registry will send emails to students upon end of the subject add/drop period informing them of the arrangements. Students should apply for graduation via eStudent > My Profile > Study Information > Application for Graduation (screen as captured below) during the specified period if they are expected to graduate in that semester. The application period is normally 2 weeks (1 week for Summer Term) counting from the end of the subject add/drop period of the semester concerned. Details of the arrangements, including 'points to note', can be retrieved here or via the 'Frequently Asked Questions' placed next to the 'Application for Graduation' button. "
"How can I check my assessment results?","You can check your assessment results via “eStudent > My Results > Assessment Results”. Please note that the option on checking assessment results for “All Semesters” will be temporarily suspended 1 day before the announcement date for subject results and up to 1 day after the announcement date of overall results. Detailed information on the release of assessment results can be retrieved here."
"My timetable shows continuous classes from Week 1 to Week 13 covering public holidays/class suspension dates listed in the Academic Calendar. Do I need to attend classes on that day?","The Student's Timetable outlines your scheduled classes from Week 1 to Week 13, however, it does not account for public holidays/class suspension dates listed in the Academic Calendar. You should refer to your class timetable in conjunction with the Academic Calendar.  Generally, classes are not held on public holidays/class suspension dates unless otherwise advised by the subject teacher."
"How can I access the teaching venues?","You can refer to the campus guide for the locations of teaching venues. https://www.polyu.edu.hk/cdo/docdrive/_sso/Space%20Information/Campus%20Guide%20for%20Students.pdf"
"When can I check my class timetable?","The class timetables for Semester 1, Semester 2 and Summer Term are scheduled to be released around late July, late December and early March respectively. Notices to Students will be issued nearer the time."
"What is “Start Week”?","This shows the commencement week of the teaching activity. If the start week of a lecture is “3” and is scheduled on Friday, this means the first lesson of the lecture is held on Friday of Week 3. Please refer to the Academic Calendar for details of the semester weeks for the current academic year. Link to academic calendar: https://www.polyu.edu.hk/ar/students-in-taught-programmes/academic-calendar/"
"What is “End Week”?","This shows the last lesson of the teaching activity. If the end week of a lecture is “11” and is scheduled on Friday, this means the last lesson of the lecture is held on Friday of Week 11. Please refer to the Academic Calendar for details of the semester weeks for the current academic year. Link to academic calendar: https://www.polyu.edu.hk/ar/students-in-taught-programmes/academic-calendar/"
"What is “For Every (Week)”?","This indicates the frequency of the teaching activity. If a tutorial is held for every “2” weeks with a start week and end week of “3” and “11” respectively, students are required to attend the tutorial classes in weeks 3, 5, 7, 9 and 11. "
"How to reset my NetPassword?","You can gain access to the “Forgot NetPassword” function under “PUSecure Identity Portal”. Link to portal: https://idportal.polyu.edu.hk/netid/"
"Why is there no record in my personal class timetable?","The personal class timetable will only be available if you have registered subject(s) for the semester. If you have not yet performed subject registration, you may check the class timetable by subjects or by programme via the eStudent “Subject Search”. Please contact your programme offering department if in doubt."
"Why is there discrepancy between the class timetable shown in eStudent and the one I received from Department?","The class timetable shown in eStudent contains information known as of the released date and any changes made after this day will not be captured. Please contact your programme offering department for clarification."
"How to check the Programme Timetable?","You should choose “By Programme” option under Subject Search and choose the department hosting the programme in the field of “Programme Hosting Department” and then select the Programme. For example, to check the class timetable of “26001-ACN”, please select “FB” and “MSc ACCOUNTANCY 26001-ACN” in the fields of “Programme Hosting Department” and “Programme” respectively."
"Can I filter and check the class timetable of a particular subject type?","Yes, under “By Subject” option of the eStudent “Subject Search”, you can choose the option “Category” and retrieve the class timetable for a particular subject type."
"Where shall I check for the examination periods for an academic year?","You may refer to the Academic Calendar on the website of Academic Registry for the examination periods. The examination period and the scheduled for the announcement of the examination timetable are posted at the webpage of Academic Registry.  The assessment arrangement for each subject may differ, you shall also check with the subject teacher concerned at the start of a semester."
"When will my examination timetable be available?","A notice will be posted on the eStudent and the University Portal about 6 weeks before the start of the examination period of Semesters 1 and 2 (2 weeks for the Summer Term) advising you to check your examination timetable. You may refer to the notice to be issued nearer the time and check your examination timetable accordingly."
"Where can I check for the location of an examination hall/venue?","When you view the examination timetable at eStudent, you can click the hyperlink of the examination hall/venue assigned and it will direct you to a map and seating plan of that examination hall/venue."
"What is the examination arrangements during bad weather?","ou can observe the “Arrangements during Bad Weather” of examinations for more details. The information is also published in the Student Handbook."
"Are there any rules and regulations governing the conduct of examinations?","You should read through the rules governing the conduct of examination as given in the Student Handbook and the Student Guide for Online Invigilated Examinations and Take-home Examinations. Failure to observe any of these rules may result in disciplinary actions which may include disqualification from examination, suspension of study, expulsion from programme of study, etc. https://www.polyu.edu.hk/ar/docdrive/polyu-students/exam-timetable/Student-Guide-on-Online-Assessment.pdf"
"What should I do if I have been absent from the examination?","You can refer to the Student Handbook for the rules and procedures for applying late assessment as applicable."
"How can I update my HKID card / PRC Resident ID card / Passport number in the University's records?","Please submit the Form AR1 and a copy of your HKID card / PRC Resident ID card / Passport to the Academic Registry Service Centre in person.  You need to bring the original document(s) for verification as well. If you are currently out of Hong Kong, you may submit the required documents when you are available in Hong Kong for our further processing."
"I have changed my name. What should I do to update the University's record and renew the student identity card?","You may submit the Form AR1 and the Form AR2, together with the copies of your HKID card / PRC Resident ID card / Passport and a deed poll (or any other documents in English that could prove amendment of your name), to the Academic Registry Service Centre in person.  You need to bring the original copies for verification as well. The copies will be destroyed after your applications are processed.  A fee for the replacement card will be charged."
"How can I be classified as a "local student" in the University's records?","According to the Education Bureau (EDB), for the purpose of admission to post-secondary programmes, definition of local and non-local students is listed here.  If you want to update your local/non-local status, you may submit the Form AR1, together with the relevant supporting documents / proofs (e.g. Hong Kong permanent identity card), to the Academic Registry Service Centre in person. Please note that if the form is submitted after the commencement of a semester, your tuition fee rate will be adjusted with effective from the following semester, if applicable."
"I am a non-local student. Do I need to add my HKID card number in the University's record?","According to the Registration of Persons Ordinance, non-local students must apply for a Hong Kong Identity Card (HKID card) at the Immigration Department within 30 days of arrival. Once you get the HKID card, you need to submit Form AR1 together with the original and a copy of the HKID card to the Academic Registry Service Centre in person.  You may refer to the Student Handbook for Taught Programmes for more details."
"How can I update my contact information in the University's records?","You may update your contact information or emergency contact information in the University's record at eStudent ("My Profile" > "Personal Details" > "Update").  An email confirmation will be sent to you after the update."
"Can I defer my study? What should I do?","Students may apply for deferment of study if they have a genuine need to do so, such as prolonged illness or being posted to work outside Hong Kong.  Applications from students who have not yet completed the first year of a full-time programme will be considered only under exceptional circumstances. Taught programme students who wish to defer their study are required to submit the Form AR7 via eStudent with supporting documents (if applicable) to the programme offering department after programme registration.  If an application for deferment is submitted after the start of a semester, it will be processed only after the student settles all the outstanding tuition fees and/or other fees.  The deferment period will not be counted towards the total period of registration (or maximum period of registration for students admitted in or before 2019/20).  For more details, please refer to the section of "Deferment of Study" in the Student Handbook for Taught Programmes. Research Postgraduate students (RPg) who wish to defer their study are advised to refer to the Research Postgraduate Student Handbook for information."
"How can I join the MTR Student Travel Scheme?","You may refer to the student notice on the Academic Registry website, which is normally published in early September for information regarding the application for MTR Student Travel Scheme. Here is the link to it: https://www.polyu.edu.hk/ar/students-in-taught-programmes/notices-to-students/"
"How can I certify my academic qualification obtained from the PolyU to my employer / other institutions?","If a graduate would like to certify the academic qualification obtained from the PolyU, he / she should present the award parchment to his / her (potential) employers / institutions. Alternatively, electronic certifications (Award Parchments & Transcript of Studies) issued by PolyU in Year 2021 onwards can now be verified via ACVP (https://ACVP.hk) in a few seconds.  For details, please refer to https://www.polyu.edu.hk/ar/graduates/electronic-certifications/. In case the above ways are not applicable to the graduate, he / she may still inform the (potential) employers / institutions to send us a request for verifying the qualification by email to ar.qvs@polyu.edu.hk, if deemed necessary.  In such case, please accept the processing time may be longer than the ways mentioned above and the (potential) employers / institutions should provide us a written consent that meets the following requirements from the graduate: Name of the (potential) employers / institutions being authorized, as well as the graduate’s details, i.e. the full name, the identity number (HKID card / PRC Resident ID card / Passport) and the date of birth, must be specified on the consent form; Signature, date of signature, and the full name of graduate must be clearly shown on the same page of the consent form; Date of signature should be within the last 6 months before the submission of the request; and Purpose of information collection should be stated as qualification verification."
"What should I do to continue my study if my student status was removed after failing to settle my tuition fee / failing to complete subject registration on time?","If you are a taught programme student, please reinstate your registration on the programme concerned by submitting the Form AR118 to your programme hosting Faculty / Department.  A non-refundable reinstatement application fee of HK$500 will be charged. For Research Postgraduate students (RPg), please refer to Research Postgraduate Student Handbook for information."
"What are the photo requirements for Student Identity Card?","Please refer to the document in this link: https://www.polyu.edu.hk/ar/docdrive/polyu-students/eng-forms/photograph_requirements.pdf"
"What should I do if I cannot collect the student identity card in person?","If you are unable to collect the student identity card in person at the Academic Registry Service Centre, you may authorise a representative to collect the card on your behalf. The representative should provide a duly signed authorisation letter and a copy of your HKID card / PRC Resident ID card / Passport.  Both documents will be returned to your representative on the spot. Please note that there is no standard format for the authorisation letter."
"Can I get a new student identity card after completion of study?","No replacement / renewal of the student identity card will be arranged if you have already completed study."
"How can I get a new student identity card if it is lost / damaged?","Please submit an application for a replacement online.  If you submit your application with fee settled by 1:00 pm on a working day, normally you can collect your new student identity card at the Academic Registry Service Centre starting from 5:00 pm on the same day."
"Do I need to change my student identity card after I am transferred to another programme?","You are required to change a new student identity card only if your study mode is also changed (e.g. from full-time to part-time)."
"Where is the user manual of eStudent application form for "Extension of Study Duration" (AR9)?","The user manual is available here:https://www.polyu.edu.hk/ar/docdrive/polyu-students/eStudent/AR9_HelpManual.pdf"
"Can I change to another programme?","Application for transfer of study will only be considered in exceptional circumstances and taking into account the overall fairness to all students, the availability of quotas, and the optimal utilization of university resources on study places. Please note that application for transfer to full-time programmes for Semester One of the next academic year should be submitted by 31 January of that academic year.  Application for transfer to full-time programmes for Semester Two of the current academic year should be submitted by 30 September of that academic year. For procedures of application for transfer of study, you are advised to approach the programme offering department which you would like to transfer in before submitting the Form AR25.  Once the application for transfer is approved by the transfer-in department and your student record has been updated, any reinstatement request will not be entertained. You may refer to the section of "Transfer of Study" in the Student Handbook for Taught Programmes for more details."
"What assistance can I ask for if I have financial difficulty in settling tuition fee by the payment deadline?","Local full-time government-funded current students on degree and sub-degree programmes are eligible to apply for deferred payment of tuition fee if they meet certain conditions.  Please approach Student Affairs Office via email at sao.fa@polyu.edu.hk to enquire about the application."
"What should I do if I want to discontinue my study at the PolyU?","Taught programme students who wish to discontinue their study at the University before completing their programmes are required to submit the Form AR6 via eStudent.  To apply for withdrawal of study in the following academic year/semester, the application should be submitted before the commencement of that academic year/semester. Except for the caution money, which is refundable upon official withdrawal from the University, subject to no outstanding debts to the University, all fees paid are non-refundable and non-transferable.  However, new students enrolled in UGC-funded programmes who apply for withdrawal of study before the commencement of the relevant semester will be eligible for a refund of the tuition fee paid for that semester, after deducting an initial fee of HK$5,000 for local students and HK$15,000 for non-local students.  If the tuition fee paid is equal to or less than these amounts, no refund will be arranged.  You may refer to the section of "Withdrawal of Study" in the Student Handbook for Taught Programmes for details. Research Postgraduate students (RPg) who wish to discontinue their study are advised to refer to the Research Postgraduate Student Handbook for information."
"I am interested in a subject, but it is already full. What should I do?","A waitlisting function has been introduced at eStudent. Please refer to Q36 for details about the waitlisting function. You may refer to ‘Section 8 Waitlisting for Subjects’ of the Guides for Subject Registration for relevant steps as well. Please note that attending a class prior to successful subject registration does not guarantee any places for subject registration at a later stage."
"Can I enrol subjects with time clashes to each other?","You are not allowed to do so. You are encouraged to plan your personal class timetable with EasyPlanner before the subject registration."
"Is there any tool for me to plan my subject timetable?","You can plan your personal class timetable with EasyPlanner. You can preview your timetable with different subjects and check time clashes at a glance."
"I am on academic probation, will that affect my subject registration?","Students on academic probation are required to take a reduced study load, as determined by their departments, during the probation period to help improve their academic performance. You should complete the form titled 'Study Load for Students on Academic Probation' (Form AR150), indicate their proposed study plans, and take the initiative to seek advice from Academic Advisors within one week of the announcement of assessment results to confirm their subject registration for the upcoming semester. You can submit the completed Form AR150 via eStudent > My Advisor function. In case a discussion could not be arranged within one week, Academic Advisor has the full discretion to decide the credits/subjects to be taken by you."
"Rules for accessing eStudent for subject registration","The subject registration system is designed to facilitate students to choose subjects according to their needs and aspirations, students can adjust their subject registration records during the Subject Registration Period, the Adjustment Before Semester Commencement Period and the Add/Drop Period. Students should not use any methods to gain an unfair advantage over other students, such as: using any browser add-ons to monitor subject vacancies
"Trading" activities of registered subject places which involving monetary benefits or any other interests, such behavior may be subject to disciplinary action The University would closely monitor all web activities. Stricter measures to prevent the abuses of existing subject registration policies will be implemented when necessary."
"When can I make changes to my subject registration records (add/drop/change subject components)?","You can adjust your subject registration records during the Subject Registration Period, the Adjustment Before Semester Commencement Period and the Add/Drop Period."
"What is the Adjustment Before Semester Commencement Period? And what can I do during this period?","Similar to the Add/Drop period, you can make changes to your subject registration records, including adding & dropping of subjects and changing subject components."
"I can't log into eStudent. What should I do?","Please use Chrome browser for logging into eStudent."
"Will my connection be automatically logged out if it is idle?","The eStudent System will be automatically logged out if it has been idle for 15 minutes."
"I cannot login the Subject Registration function, the webpage keeps showing 'The function is not available...' What should I do?","Please close your existing browser first and open a new browser (i.e. Chrome). Please visit the eStudent website (www.polyu.edu.hk/student) and login with your NetID and NetPassword. DO NOT bookmark any individual webpage under eStudent. Please login eStudent properly via www.polyu.edu.hk/student or direct URL https://www38.polyu.edu.hk/eStudent."
"What is the earliest commencing time for subject registration and its scheduling rules?","In view of the large number of students at the University, each student will be assigned an earliest commencing time (i.e. start time) for each registration round in order to regulate the web traffic to ensure a smooth subject registration process for all students. The earliest commencing time governs the start date and time which students can register subjects online (via eStudent). Do give us your cooperation and DO NOT login the 'Subject Registration' function before your assigned time. Your earliest commencing time (i.e. start time) to perform subject registration is assigned based on the normal duration of the programme enrolled and cohort year of your enrolment to the programme. For details, please refer to Schedules for Subject Registration section."
"How can I know my earliest commencing time for subject registration?","You can view your earliest commencing time when the information of subject registration is released at the following path: eStudent > My Subject Registration > Personal Checklist"
"Who are eligible for adding or dropping subjects?","All active students (except exchange-in students, subject-based students, outpost students and students enrolled in franchised programmes) who would like to make changes to their subject registration records can do so during the Subject Registration Period, the Adjustment Before Semester Commencement Period and the Add/Drop Period."
"I have failed some subjects and would like to retake them in the coming semester. What should I do?","You can retake a failed subject of the same subject code under the 'Retake Fail' tab page during the subject registration period, the Adjustment Before Semester Commencement Period and the Add/Drop Period (subject to the retake limit and availability of subject vacancies). For retake limit, please refer to Q16."
"Is there any limit on subject retake?","Students may only retake a subject which they have failed (i.e. Grade F or S or U). Retaking of subjects is with the condition that the maximum study load of 21 credits per semester is not exceeded. The number of retakes of each subject is restricted to a maximum of two. Students can retake a failed subject the first time via eStudent directly during the subject registration period and the add/drop period. For a second retake of a failed subject, students should submit a request to the programme offering departments. Please refer to the Student Handbook for details. You may also seek advice from your programme offering department if you have any queries concerning your studies."
"Can I register for a subject that is not in my programme curriculum for the purpose of broadening my studies?","Students of Full-time Undergraduate programmes can take additional subjects outside curriculum during the last two days of the Add/Drop Period to broaden their knowledge as long as the maximum study load (normally 21 credits per semester) is not exceeded. Grades obtained from the additional subjects will only be counted towards your Grade Point Average (GPA) but not towards your GPA for award classification (AGPA).  Additional tuition fee will be charged for credit fee paying students. Please refer to Q26 for searching subjects outside programme curriculum."
"Is there any limit on the maximum number of credits that I can take in a semester?","The maximum study load in a semester is 21 credits. Subject(s) on waitlist will NOT be counted towards study load."
"I cannot add a subject from the Basic and Advanced Search which is on offer and in my award requirements. Why?","It is due to one of the following reasons: The subject group is not assigned to your programme in the semester Service-Learning subjects requiring pre-selection of students by the departments concerned are not available for online registration"
"I cannot confirm my subject selection because of failure to meet the pre-requisite/co-requisite/exclusion requirements. What should I do?","You are not allowed to register a subject which you have not yet fulfilled its pre-requisite/co-requisite/exclusion requirements.  If you have special need of taking the subject, please seek advice from the subject offering department and your programme offering department."
"How can I check the available subjects for my Cluster Area Requirement and Service-Learning as an undergraduate student?","You can view the available subjects for your Cluster Area Requirement and Service-Learning by logging into eStudent and navigating to: My Profile > Study Information > Cluster Area Requirement and Service-Learning Subject Options. This section will display the CAR and/or SL subject options available to you for the current semester."
"What can I take to fulfill my free elective graduation requirement?","If you are required to take free electives to fulfill your graduation requirements, you can register for subjects from the 'Ug-Free Elective Pool (2012 Curriculum)'. Additionally, you may take any subjects (including CAR subjects but excluding level-0 subjects and training subjects) offered by the University, unless otherwise specified by your programme, to meet the free elective requirement for graduation."


